All right.
So we have implemented this light and dark theme, which is beautiful.
Now we want to put this in the navigation, right?
So this is a finished product.
You can see here we have put it in the navigation and then we have a bunch of links.
All right.
So we want to have some kind of a navigation like this.
So this is our next focus now.
So we want to work on the navigation map.
All right.
So first we have to decide how you want to write a never.
You can write your own thesis, make your own custom navigation bar.
That is something.
Again, you can easily use some bootstrap courses and just use bootstrap lessons to quickly create a
navigation as well.
However, since we're using and designing and design has this absolutely beautiful MIDI component that
we can use.
I say I'm here just for many.
And this is the one you can see here.
This is one example.
It has the dropdowns on a small screen.
This is how it looks.
There's more and more navigation links here and you can get the code here as well if you want to implement
the sidebar navigation, which we will use later when we are building the dashboard.
We have that example here as well.
You have the dark theme as well.
Now for our purpose, we want to use this.
The main one, the one on the top you find here.
This one.
Right.
So now obviously you can copy all this code or you can just write yourself one by one.
However.
It's as you can see here, it's quite straightforward.
So it's better to understand and then just copy the score.
All right.
So just to that, we avoid doing a lot of typos because when you type a lot of the same things over
and over again, it just takes time.
And then you might end up with some typos and things doesn't work.
So since it is provided to you in the document decent, definitely.
I recommend you to copy this one.
Even though I hate copy paste, especially when I'm making online videos.
However, in a situation like this, it just makes perfect sense to just copy the code.
All right.
Now, before we copy the code, let's try to understand what's happening here.
So we have import the mini component, and then some items from this are the package we install and
design icons.
All right.
So we have some icons and the mini component has an import and then this menu component has this submenu
as well.
So that is something you can destruct.
So from the menu.
All right.
And then we have this state.
So in the state, you can keep track of the current link that we can show, which is the current link,
and make it actively apply some staying for that purpose.
You can have a state as well.
All right.
And then on click, it's time any of these menus have been clicked.
You can see.
Inside the menu, you have all these menu items.
So think of this as a link, you know, in a regular steamer that you have the.
The anger text for the clicks.
We think of them like that.
So many item, menu item instead so many how to you have the menu item but this time if it is used in
the dropdown, so you have the menu item group, I guess that's another component.
And then instead here you have too many items.
So you can see here is link is represented as the menu item and.
They are, all of them put inside many components.
Menu item.
However, if you want to have the dropdown, then you use submenu, insert some many.
You use menu item group and then you group each of these menu items.
All right, so that's all happening here.
So let's copy this code.
Copy.
Come here.
And for this one, we can create another component and it's called Top NAV 30th.
And just based that here.
Now there's some.
Things you have to fix, and that is this one.
So we're not rendering into this app.
Instead, we just expose default.
So they called it EP.
We want to call dog in that.
It's top nav.
Now let's change this as well.
The component near.
You'd notice that this is using plus component now.
Plus plus component you can still use.
That's fine.
However, it is not the recommended way.
If you, especially with the new newer version of React, it is recommended to use functional components
and use these multiple hooks to add certain features to component.
All right, so class component is not really recommended.
So as much as possible, you should try to use functional component.
It's really easy to convert.
Okay.
So you can see in class components you use a state like this.
However, in our case, we can use the use state hook.
That's one difference.
Another difference is you can see here, we don't need to have this render function to return anything
in function components to just to use return.
Right.
So let's start cleaning up.
The first thing you want to do is remove the class name and replace with const constant nav equals to
add a function and then all this code.
Let's cut that.
All right, so that's our sound component.
We don't have the.
We don't need the state financial instrument that.
And this function, let's put it in a variable const handle click equals to and then you can see this
render.
And then restructuring of the Valley from the start.
You want to remove that.
So to move that and then come all the way down here, we have to remove the closing curly process.
Both of these.
Sorry, not worth a just one of that because this one that because other one is the part of this one
function.
Okay.
So hopefully you did have an issue here.
You can see we have the function.
We have this handle, click function.
And we have a return.
Our menu here.
Okay.
Now, since we're not using class component, we're not going to use this cure.
We don't need this cue to refer to this function.
It is here and it is easily accessible here.
All right.
So Henry Lee, we have.
This again, we have to remove from the.
And for the state, actually we should import our youths stay at home.
So it's import youths, they react.
We import that hope so that we can use state in our functional component.
Isolated period.
Then it's const government
set current equals to use state and you can use a different one.
Let's use mill.
It's not requirement.
You can have it.
All right, so this way we can easily use state in our function and component.
And.
You can see in class component.
This is how state was updated but here now we can you just use set current and give the event key.
Now this event comes from the menu here whenever it is clicked I guess a little remote that.
Let me it this right said state.
We want to update the state with the currently clicked item.
Right.
So that that's going to be even Turkey.
And then you can dream of that.
Perfect.
All right, so one click.
That's what we do.
We can have a look at the clicked item in the console as well.
So let's look at that.
Now, before we do that, we actually have to import this component somewhere.
At the moment we can see.
All right.
And this top navigation is something you would need on all the pieces.
So we need everywhere.
So that means can you guess?
We need to import this one.
We need to improve this component in advocates is just like whenever we had to apply global services,
we infer that here when we want to provide the value, we import the provider here in a similar way.
Anything that requests to be available for the entire application we import and using the actors is.
So in our case the never used.
And definitely we want to import and use here so that it is available for the whole activities.
Right.
So import
of -- from.
And we go one step up.
Go inside components.
Go in there.
All right.
So you can put that here.
Simple as that.
So that's how all the code that you have in the dog name is technically available here since you have
imported and put here.
All right.
How good is that?
Never is.
Absolutely beautiful.
90 year.
We have Navy isn't.
Navy isn't.
This is a difficult one.
This is the dropdown menu items.
Beautiful.
City.
State.
Okay.
Obviously that we still have that.
We have to change that.
It's good to talk now.
And since this from Sid started to set current.
Beautiful.
And let's have a look at the consulate.
Should we get.
It's okay here if I click on this one.
Now you can see the key mail if I click on this one.
So that takes us to a separate component.
When I click on this one, you see it's a setting one, either one setting three.
And these are the keys.
These are the names that have been used, you said.
All right.
So this is how you can easily use and isn't many component.